**Career:** 
* Would you like to join the TU Delft team as a Data Manager and help researchers make their data more Findable, Accessibly, Interoperable and Reusable (FAIR)? 
Apply by September 1 for this vacancy! 
* Cambridge University (UK) has a vacancy for a Bioinformatics/Biostatistics Training lead (R, Python, Unix). 
Apply by August 8.
* Are you considering transitioning from academia to industry? 
Here’s a Twitter thread on Dr Lizzy Lowe’s experiences. 


**Software/code**
eScience Center call for proposals "Collaboration in Innovative Technologies 2021" makes available in-kind support by allocating the time of Research Software Engineers (RSEs) employed by the eScience Center to your project. 
See their website for more information and apply by **September 2**. 
* The next eScienceCenter basic programming workshop will be held online on **September 6-9**. 
Check their workshop website for updates (registration is not open yet). 
Note that this workshop is not organised by TU Delft, but the contents are very similar to our basic programming workshops. 
**Workshop dates by TU Delft** have been communicated in a previous email and are now available on **[Coach View]**: sign up before the workshops are full!
* GitHub added built-in citation support! 
The only thing you have to do is create a CITATION.cff file in your repository, which will provide you with an example template that you can fill in in two minutes. 
Link your GitHub repository to Zenodo or 4TU.ResearchData to make your software citable and add the DOI to the citation file! 
* Need some more help on how to make your project publicly available? 
* Watch this short video by Dr. Barbara Vreede on sharing your project or learn more about software containers. 


**Opportunity:**
There’s still time to write an essay for the CODATA essay competition on the topic of “Challenges and Benefits for governments and industry involvement in the Open Data Initiative”. 
The winner will receive a cash price of $500 and the essay will be published open access free of charge. 
Deadline is **August 31**. 
If you have any questions regarding this initiative, please reach out. 
