The deadline for the applications for the [Open Life Science programme](https://intranet.tudelft.nl/en/group/guest/-/open-life-science-programme) is coming up on the **15th of July**! 
Although the title says Life Sciences, it is open to a wide range of disciplines. 
By participating in this 16 week course you will learn all about **Open Science principles and practices** and to top that: receive 5 GS discipline specific credits! 
If you have any doubts whether you would like to participate, please get in touch with myself or Emmy Tsang (F.Tsang@tudelft.nl)!  

Please nominate yourself or someone you know for the Convergence Health and Technology Open Research Award! 
You will receive a certificate of excellence and 100 euros if you win the **Open Research Award**. 
Anyone from TU Delft (master student, PhD, postdoc or research assistant) adopting open research practices in their work can be nominated. 
Nomination is deadline is **August 31st**. 
Find out more and apply: https://osc-delft.github.io/posts/2021/06/21/Convergence-Health-and-Technology-Awards/ 
(Get in touch if you’re not sure about your nomination and could use some help!)

The next **eScienceCenter basic programming workshop** will be held online on **September 6-9**. 
Check their [workshop website for updates](https://escience-academy.github.io/2021/09/06/swc-py-nlesc.html) (registration is not open yet). 
Note that this workshop is not organised by TU Delft, but the contents are very similar to our basic programming workshops. 
(Future dates of our workshops will be planned this month and will hopefully be announced in the August newsletter).

If you’re interested in a workshop on **Open Science practises with a focus on Material Sciences**, please [fill in this 5-min survey](https://forms.office.com/Pages/ResponsePage.aspx?id=tv3Go4pFzkKRIfuw7GqqlMbb7yWMo2lDnXrdDWZN45BUOUpDV1MwRkQwSjZDQkIyTVBDVTkzSTFPVS4u) to help design the workshop by **23 July**. 
If you need more information, please contact Emmy Tsang. 
